,question,answer,contexts,ground_truths,ground_truth,context_precision,context_recall,faithfulness,answer_relevancy
0,Which places received a flood weather warning?,"Perthshire, Angus, Aberdeenshire, Brechin, Stonehaven, Alyth","['we have soo many weather warnings here and up in scotland they’re having to evacuate their homes bc of flooding and really heavy wind'
 'An unprecedented red weather warning for rain in the Perthshire, Angus and Aberdeenshire denuded grouse moors. Wonder what tomorrow will bring for communities downstream. Devastation? Calls for better flood defences? Loads of confusion about how this could have happened?'
 'Hundreds in Scotland told to evacuate as northern Europe braces for gale-force winds and floods'
 'Hundreds in Scotland told to evacuate as northern Europe braces for gale-force winds and floods'
 'NEWS | KIRKLEES | Heavy rain triggers flood alert for River Spen area'
 'There is a risk of flash flooding across Scotland as a result of Red, Amber and Yellow weather warnings for rain during #StormBabet. For further advice, please visit:'
 'Storm Babet: Evacuations underway in Brechin as locals warned devastating floods imminent'
 'Yes, on the northern outskirts of Perth. We’ve got red rain warning until tomorrow. Lots of roads closed, both sets of flood gates closed. The buses and Just Eat deliveries stopped at 6pm. Schools closed tomorrow. Trees have come down Dundee and Stanley near me. It’s not great'
 'Hundreds in Scotland told to evacuate as northern Europe braces for gale-force winds and floods Pray for them!'
 'Brechin flood alert: hundreds evacuated as heavy rain threatens defenses'
 'The main road connecting Dundee and Aberdeen has been closed this evening. This area is at the centre of the Red Weather alert - people are being urged to stay off the roads as high winds and heavy rain continues to hit Scotland’s east coast.'
 'A fair bit in the north east I’m in no danger of flooding (high ground) but a seaside town down the road a bit is being battered. Look up Stonehaven.'
 'Alyth in Scotland now starting to see some flooding. Much more rain is yet to fall &amp; filter down into these areas. Red warnings are in force'
 ""#StormBabet has hit !! And for the next few days! Flood warnings in place people have been evacuated from there houses (up Angus /Dundee way) it's blowing a hoolie trees are falling stay safe ! Xx""
 'Alyth in Scotland witnessing flooding, which is a cause for worry, especially considering that there are still over 12 hours left on the red weather warning #StormBabet #Babet #Scotland #SevereWeather #Alyth'
 ""Wait, now my lil town is currently red warning for floods like it's bad The UK government literally gathered millions of people's phone numbers for this exact reason to text for warnings earlier this year? Did we get a text? Did we fuck! Government wanted access to us clearly""
 'Fairly major closure in place. A90 shut between Stonehaven and Dundee due to severe flood warnings.'
 'UK weather: Storm Babet forces evacuations in red alert area of Angus due to floods | UK News | Sky News'
 ""Storm #Babet claims first victim as woman, 57, is swept to her death in river: Torrential rain and gales batter #Scotland with RED 'risk to life' warning in force amid fears of UK's wettest day ever - map reveals how UK will be hit with worst still to come""
 ""Storm Babet claims first victim as woman, 57, is swept to her death in river: Torrential rain and gales batter Scotland with RED 'risk to life' warning in force amid fears of UK's wettest day ever - map reveals how UK will be hit with worst still to come""]","['Scotland,Essex,Scotland, Ireland,Haringey,Angus,Dundee way,UK,Perthshire,,Aberdeenshire,Dundee, Stonehaven, A90,Ireland,main road connecting Dundee and Aberdeen, Scotland,Middleton,northern outskirts of Perth,Sheffield,Brechin,River Spen,Alyth']","Scotland,Essex,Scotland, Ireland,Haringey,Angus,Dundee way,UK,Perthshire,,Aberdeenshire,Dundee, Stonehaven, A90,Ireland,main road connecting Dundee and Aberdeen, Scotland,Middleton,northern outskirts of Perth,Sheffield,Brechin,River Spen,Alyth",0.3835627507411514,0.7272727272727273,1.0,0.8701940650991024
